# Assignment 2

​	The study I conducted involved interviewing researchers from traditional scientific fields as well as media artists who both use data visualization within their work. However, these two groups create visualizations in different ways that emphasize different aspects of the research. In my experience, I have taken statistics courses where I would create more generic visualizations and I have also taken courses with a more artistic approach to data visualization. This made me wonder, if it was possible to create a system where both functional and artistic approaches could be combined into a simple, but abstract software. My hypothesis was that this hypothetical software could be used instead of the other systems that my subjects were using.

​	I interviewed four different people, two media artists and two researchers from more traditional scientific fields. The first interview I did was with Jerome who studies transportation planning and engineering. He discusses that the tools he uses include software such as Excel, R, SQL and GIS softwares. Jerome went into much detail about why each software is important and the reasons each one might be needed depending on the type of analysis being conducted. He discussed how one of the GIS softwares had a great interface where he could add all of his data and quickly create different visualizations with a certain amount of abstraction depending on one's dataset. Jerome said he would use Processing because the "results are gonna be more aesthetically beautiful..." and "would show outside people" (Jerome). The more conventional software he uses allows him to gain more insight on the data, but Processing gives aesthetic results that could be more intriguing to anyone curious in a particular dataset. 

​	I also interviewed Yani, who is a restoration ecologist and a graduate student at the Bren School of Environmental Science and Management at UCSB. She does not have too much experience in data visualization, but has some experience though classes using the programming language R and also using Excel through her work experience. Similar to Jerome, she mentioned that she was able to get really interesting results for visualizations to add to her research papers, but if she wanted to show her work to the general public she wished there was "a library in R that created something like a Sankey Diagram" (Yani). She described Sankey Diagrams to be initially easier to read and more interesting to all users, where as the graphs she typically makes in R could easily become complicated and not intuitive to users. 
​	Weidi, a media artist and PhD student at MAT UCSB, discussed with me a different perspective of data visualization. Weidi's work mostly consists of analyzing images, which was different from all the people I interviewed with. She did not mention ever using data tools such as Excel, but instead using Unity or Touch Designer. A lot of our discussion centered around the limitations between each of these tools and the best way to visualize it depending on the audience that she was demonstrating it too. Specifically, Weidi mentioned "Unity being more effective for spatial design versus Touch Designer which is better for generative works" (Weidi). She described further that Touch designer is more user friendly being that it is a visual programming language and easier to connect to multiple devices. 	The last interview was with Mert, who studies HCI and computer graphics at MAT UCSB. Mert mentioned that he felt the "data was sort of like the mean of the work... the data is not driven by the aesthetics" (Mert). Similar to Weidi, Mert focused on the visualization rather than the type of data he was working with, which is different than the way I interpreted Jermone and Yani's perspective. Mert uses tools mostly like Processing to create his visualizations rather than more statistical tools. He says though it is important to include statistical significance within his visualization when needed, but just depends on the type of data he is currently working with. 
​	From all of these interviews between more conventional researchers and media artists, I discovered that researches in the first group approach data visualization with having deep knowledge of the data versus media artists who have a deep knowledge of the visualization. The non-artists focused on understanding the data and how to interpret through their tools, but then if they wanted to visualize for a broader audience they both would not use the normal software they interact with. Through my discussion I believe that non-artist researchers have limited options and outcomes to the data visualization within their workflow. The media artists on the other hand seem to barely interact with the data they are visualizing, but prioritize most of their time creating intriguing visualizations for their audience members. 
​	I hypothesized at the beginning of this process that I could create a software that could combine statistical and artistic approaches. After conducting these interviews, I felt that I would not want to disrupt the workflow of either group, but rather have a software at the end of the process where they could adjust their results on a scale between concrete to abstract visualization styles. This would allow non-artists to take their concrete outputs and adjust them to be more abstract and expressive in order for a broader audience to be more compelled or intrigued by their work. This software could also be useful for the media artists if they wanted to gain inspiration for the type of visualization they are able to create in their data. I fear though if a media artist received results from this type of software that they would feel limited in their own visualizations. This type of software aims to create a deep knowledge in the visualization aspect of data visualization for people who already have that deep knowledge in the data. 