# Feb 11th - Reflection

What do prototypes prototype? 

This article was very interesting to me because we are constantly either creating prototypes for projects or even experimenting with other peoples prototypes. I really appreciated how they broke down each of the different ways one can prototype and all can still be a successful prototype. One really has to know the question they are wanting to demonstrate before sharing their prototype with an audience. When I am prototyping ideas for projects, I find myself getting too excited about the project that I want to demonstrate too much even if it's not ready. This paper illustrated to me though that it's really important to define your goals when prototyping to an audience to make sure you are getting the most accurate feedback. One take away from this piece is that I would rather focus on a specific part of the project to prototype and demonstrate that then have only bits and pieces of the project ready for prototyping, but the audience member is unable to follow. I see this crucial change in how one identifies a prototype will change their way of thinking of how to design this project in the most effective way. The paper also discussed how prototyping can happen across different teams and how each team might have a different goal. I think it is great separating out the prototype in these teams, so that the projects prototypes are all well detailed and designed. I could imagine though, after all the teams coming together, having difficulties coming up with a cohesive design strategy to incorporate all the needs for the project.  

The Makey Makey was a great tool for prototyping and conducting research through design. The Makey Makey allows you to make an extremely simple prototype that can really demonstrate the effect to an audience. It allows for great research by being able to quicly implement and test certain aspects before implementing. In our Makey Makey project, immediately we could see both the postives and negatives of our prototype. We were able to demonstrate that our project would be a fun collaborative game that could be very easily implemented. The negatives limitations were shown in our design by forcing the users to sit tightly close together and having unreliable connections. 