# Feb 3rd - Reflection

Prompt - The assigned readings showcase three strategies for informing the design of technologies: ethnograpy, collaborative making, and autobiographical design. Describe the strengths and limitations of these different strategies as you see them.



I found the first article about ethnography very interesting. Initially when I think of HCI, I mostly think of digital applications where applying HCI will be helpful. I thought it was really powerful to start thinking about how we can integrate more natural processes when creating technological designs. This opens our mind of how we can reimagine ways of designing. This strategy allows us to create a collaboration with the medium in design and the human and non-human materials form a collaboration that allows for a new type of design practice. Collaborative making creates this strong strategy of being able to work with anyone from all of the world and through making a team can still communicate in creating the best design of technologies. I can see that a limitation would be coming from different backgrounds and although you are making together, a team could simply never agree on the best practice because of personal issues. Autobiographical design allows the user full control of the technologies they are creating. The example of building your own phone allows a person to fully understand and integrate themselves into their technology they built, but they are completely limited in their abilities. This is a really strong strategy though  because it begins people to question the three main subjects this discuss in their conclusion. Even though they might have to rely on big companies to create their devices, one is still able to know that they had the possibility to create their own, they can learn to understand what's involved in our devices, and the control of which technologies they chose to interact with. Overall, I was convinced by the strengths of the different strategies each of the readings reflected on, but see there are still concerns that need to be addressed. 