# Jan 23 - Reflection

This past summer, my fellow intern and I were assigned to build a project. We sat right next to each other, so everyday we would continuously collaborate and explore different ideas of how to solve this project. At certain points, of course, we would face a problem and need to discuss with our manager. Because our manager did not sit with us in the same office everyday, he was not aware of every single detail that we discussed when solving this project. Even just this small amount of difference in spatial proximity of not being in the same office, made it increasingly harder to explain the specific problem we were facing. We would have to start by explaining the part of the project we are tackling and the steps we got to getting to this step. Then we would explain the many different ways we have already tried tackling the problem and how they didn’t work. Also, our manager was not familiar with the specific python library we were using, so we would even have to go into many details of our understandings of different functions and the possibilities of the functions within this library. If we were in constant communication, we would not have had to face these difficulties. 

Also, during phases of this project our local network of people in the office did not have the expertise we were looking for in order to solve different tasks. Because of the internet though, we were able to expand our network to experts we could communicate with through messaging (Gitter). With this, our team gained expertise in this specific domain that we didn’t have before, but because these people were not within the company we could not explicitely tell others about our specific problem. This challenged us to come up with ways to create general enough questions where we didn't need to explain the entire project, but also would be able to gain more insight towards our goal. 