# Reading Reflection: January 9th

Throughout these readings I was struck by the question of how does one even quantify or term something creative? These articles also discuss slightly the seperation between intelligence and creativity. I am still conflicted after reading these articles if these two ideas intelligence and creativity can be tested seperately. I wonder how when doing user studies based on creativity, the researchers factor in intelligence to determine which user is the most "creative." I found it also interesting the discussion around the advancements of technology, such as MRI's, to further research how creative thoughts happen. If somehow science and technology advanced enough that we could determine how one could create a creative thought, would it then be still considered creative? Personally, I would feel that would mean the person is more intelligent because they understood the process of coming up with a creative thought and were able to achieve it. 

The readings also discussed how creativity happens more within group environments. This seems complex when running user studies of how one can run an experiment testing multiple people at the same time. Also, would you need to conduct the experiement multiple times changing which people were working with who to make sure you could see how possibly someones creativity changes. I think it's interesting to think of how most interviews still being conducted today are mostly someone interviewing a solo person. Rarely is someone at a job working by themselves to come up with their own solutions, but instead most likely working in teams to come up with the most creative solution for the company. I think it would be valuable for interviews to also be conducted in this team scenario, so that a person could show the most of their creativity, which I believe is one of the most important aspects within an applicant. 

